[theme music]
[seagulls cawing]
[bell dings]
[rattles]
[shutter clicks]
[seagulls cawing]
-[fireworks whistle, crackle]
-[Hye-jin gasps]
[Du-sik] I guess someone
got the romance going.
It's unnecessarily pretty.
-It really is pretty.
-Hey.
[romantic music]
[fireworks whooshing, crackle]
Ooh!
[whimpers]
[Hye-jin] Whoa!
[gasps]
[action music]
I almost died.
[Du-sik] Death was right in my face.
[Hye-jin] Oh?
[Seong-hyeon] Oh, my God.
I've been looking everywhere for you.
Here, you appear.
Wait, Seong-hyeon?
It's been a while, Hye-jin.
[chuckles]
Hello?
I don't know what's going on,
but can you pull me up?
Sorry.
[Du-sik groans]
-[Du-sik pants]
-[Seong-hyeon sighs]
-What are you doing here?
-[Seong-hyeon] We meet again.
Hold on a second. What a reversal.
I just saved your life, didn't I?
That means we're even now.
[scoffs]
I guess.
I wasn't expecting you
to pay me back so quickly, man.
You see, I don't like being in debt.
[men laugh]
Anyway, this is so great.
What a coincidence.
-Yeah, sure is, huh?
-[chuckles]
Wait, so you… you two know each other?
-How do you know him?
-Hold on a second.
-You know each other?
-Have you met her before?
-[chuckles]
-[thwacks]
[groans]
You wandered off again.
Maybe I should get you an ID bracelet?
You just assaulted me.
I could get you arrested for that.
Be quiet! The village chief is waiting!
-[Ji-won] Let's go.
-Just a minute.
Chief Hong, please come with us.
-Will you?
-Sure, but, uh…
-Who are you?
-[gasps]
[playful music]
It's Wang Ji-won. I'm the show's writer.
[gasps]
You don't remember
after spending two days together?
Ahh…
[Ji-won] It's okay.
I can sometimes look totally different.
I'm, like, a super hero.
Oh, you look… Oh.
Oh, so, have you two been introduced?
This is Chief Hong,
who guided me around Gongjin.
And this is…
[sighs]
OVN's troublemaker.
And star director Ji Seong-hyeon
in the flesh!
Hello, I'm Ji Seong-hyeon.
It's so great to finally meet all of you.
-[applause]
-Yay!
Aren't you the young man
who came by my house?
-Who?
-[Yeong-guk] Everyone.
Today, we are here in Gongjin to visit
the oldest fresh pollack soup restaurant
in the entire country.
We're out to explore
the oldest restaurants in the land!
And we're called…
-First Taste Ever.
-First Taste Ever?
That's right.
And now, who can guess
what goes into the very dish
that you're having right now?
-Celery!
-It's chives.
-Tofu?
-[Yun-gyeong] Radish?
-Chili powder.
-Crown daisy.
-Rice wine.
-It's soy sauce.
Oh, no!
Ah, you still haven't guessed
the most important ingredient yet.
-Pollack.
-[all] Ah!
-Right. That's got me.
-Correct.
What's the food show
where you have to figure out
-all of the ingredients?
-We Eat What You Make!
-[laughing]
-Ooh, you got it.
Right, and this is the man
who directs that show.
-[amused gasp]
-[Yun-gyeong] I knew it!
I knew he looked familiar.
Then tell us what brings you to Gongjin?
-Well, we're planning a new show.
-[gasps]
We're proud of the new show
we're calling
The Seashore Grasshopper in Gongjin.
We'll try our best not to cause
any inconvenience for you.
I hope you all can support this.
Thanks so much.
[all cheer]
And that means our town, Gongjin,
will be on television!
[laughter]
-This is so exciting!
-You've no idea how--
Mr. Ji, come to my restaurant next time,
and I'll serve you the best jjajangmyeon
-you've ever had.
-Okay, we'll see--
[Nam-suk] A team dinner
would be even better!
-Miss Dentist, how'd you meet this guy?
-[background chatter]
-[Hye-jin] We went to college together.
-[overlapping chatter]
-What about you?
-We met walking around.
You could say
our relationship is based on lies.
Hm?
Wait a minute.
Baek Jong-won and I was true.
[overlapping chatter]
[awkward chuckle]
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
[overlapping chatter]
-By the way--
-Excuse me.
-Just be right back.
-Yeah, sure.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
-How could you say that, huh?
-[Yeong-guk] Stop it!
-Both of you.
-[Ji-won] I hope we get along.
Oh, boy, sorry it took me so long.
Oh, don't worry.
I remember you were popular
back in college too.
Come on!
[laughs]
How long has it been?
Oh, it's been ten years. My God.
Ms. Dentist, let me steal this guy
from you for a second.
I'd like for you
to explain something, huh.
[chuckles softly]
You knew I was confused
about who you were.
How come you didn't explain yourself?
Because there's not
much difference, anyway.
I go to restaurants, eat food,
and form opinions.
-It's basically mukbang food porn.
-[scoffs]
Besides, you give me some good feedback,
and I appreciate it.
Well, I'm glad it was valuable.
Kind you liked it.
-Good to see you again.
-[laughs]
Yeah, it was a pleasure to see you.
Would you give Hye-jin and me a minute?
She's all yours.
So, the other day, I saw someone
who looked just like you and followed her.
It must've been you.
-Really, you saw me?
-Yeah!
Uh, so what are you doing here?
I started a dental clinic here.
It's brand-new.
-Yoon Dental Clinic?
-[gasps]
How do you know?
That's crazy. I just happened to see it.
I took a picture of it, actually.
-Ah! Did you?
-You opened that dental office?
-Yes, I did.
-I found the spot and renovated it myself.
-Is that how you two met?
-[Du-sik] Exactly.
-Yeah. Uh-huh. That's how we met.
-[Seong-hyeon] I see.
My goodness. Mr. Ji, Dr. Yoon.
Do you know each other?
You seem pretty close.
Yeah. We know each other from school.
Oh, I see. But you seem to be
more than just school friends.
Is it just me, or is there more going on
between you two?
-[Nam-suk laughs]
-Uh, no. I was--
-No, no. Nothing like that, no.
-Oh. Then why is she upset right now?
I knew it, there's something
between you two.
-I knew there was.
-Aah! No, there isn't anything.
Hye-jin's a friend I care about a lot.
-That's all.
-[Nam-suk] A friend you care about?
See? I knew you weren't just friends.
[Nam-suk laughing]
Hey, wait.
I'm not finished yet, Hwa-jeong.
You keep yapping to everyone,
so I assumed you were done.
Well, I'm not done.
Hey, you have some food in your teeth.
Mm!
Did you enjoy the soup?
[Nam-suk] That little…
I'm sorry, I got to work early.
I should go.
Since when that ever
stopped you before, doc?
Be quiet.
Hye-jin, where's your place?
I'll walk you there.
No, that's okay. I live really close by.
Come on.
He's walking her.
-Getting there.
-Whatever.
-You're leaving?
-Uh, yeah.
-I'm just stepping out for some air.
-All right.
I'll be right back.
-Are you going, huh?
-I'm gonna get going.
-What?
-Where are you going?
-[Du-sik] Move.
-How's it going?
-You're going too?
-[Du-sik] Yes. See you.
-You going to stay here much longer?
-Why did you have to sit there
and mess everything up?
They all suddenly left and headed out.
This is really unnecessary.
[Du-sik] Exactly.
She lives just around the corner.
Then why are you following me?
I'm not following you.
I'm just worried about that guy.
-He might get lost on his way back.
-Oh, seriously?
That makes sense.
Hey, I'm not that helpless.
-Yes, you are.
-Yeah, you are.
How many times did you get lost on campus,
and I had to help you out?
Okay, that's true.
Listen, I have an idea.
We take Miss Dentist home,
then you and I grab a drink?
Okay, sounds good.
-What's happening?
-What?
Why would you grab a drink without me?
You said you have to work tomorrow.
Uh, I can stay out until midnight.
This is where Chief Hong lives. Let's go.
[inhales]
Let's go inside.
[Seong-hyeon scoffs]
Is this your house?
-Isn't it great?
-Wow.
It has such a fantastic view.
-[knife tapping]
-[Seong-hyeon] Oh, this place is nice.
You have good taste.
From the furniture to the lamps,
I put everything together.
I hung, painted, made,
and bought everything
you see in this place.
Did it all by myself.
Did you make
all these liquors yourself as well?
Of course.
[clears throat]
-It's my collection.
-[gasps]
Liquors on the bottom shelves,
and teas on the top shelves.
What's this? What's the empty space for?
Oh, that?
I had an unwelcome guest come over.
It was for a bottle of ginseng wine.
The bottle had been aging
-for a whole year--
-Seong-hyeon, have a seat. Hey.
Relax.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
I was thinking of helping him, though.
It's okay. Don't worry about Chief Hong.
Really. He can do everything.
He doesn't even need help.
She's correct. Go have a seat.
Okay.
-By the way, where's the bathroom?
-[Hye-jin] Seong-hyeon.
Open that door and you'll find it.
Oh, okay. Thank you.
[quirky music]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Is there a reason you wanted
to bring him here without me?
To talk about me?
Sometimes, doctors don't realize
their own disease.
-Huh?
-You got a therapist?
You seem excessively self-conscious.
Let go of the delusion
that everyone is solely focused
-on what you're doing.
-All right, fine.
-[knife rasps]
-And not a word to him, all right?
Just don't bring up the other night.
Ah, you mean our biological crisis--
-Oh, stop it!
-Whoa! Oh, hey, I'm holding a knife.
-It's dangerous. Careful.
-What are you doing?
[comical music]
[chuckles nervously]
-Are you done?
-Yeah, I'm done.
Uh, let's go sit on the sofa.
-The sofa here is extremely comfy.
-Okay.
[scoffs]
All right, then.
Officer Choi.
Miss Pyo.
Aren't you off duty? Why are you so busy?
-I've been waiting for you.
-You have?
-Why?
-Huh?
I, uh… Hmm…
Hey.
Why don't we have that together?
-I love rotisserie chicken.
-I'm sorry.
I don't eat any food after 6:00 p.m.
Oh, is it your own kind of diet?
That's how your, your body's so fit.
[nervous chuckle]
-Should we just take a walk?
-Oh, man! Who did this?
Pardon?
[sighs]
Jeez.
What happened?
It's illegal to put these up here.
[Eun-cheol sighs]
Whoever did this,
they didn't know
it's against Article Three
of the Minor Offenses Act.
You, uh, you must've been
born to be a cop.
[chuckles]
I appreciate it.
[grunts]
It won't come off.
Uh, let me do it.
[objects rattle]
Here.
-[spray fizzing]
-[Mi-seon] How about now?
It's probably easier to scrape it off
when it's wet.
-Isn't that expensive?
-[scoffs]
-No, it isn't. It's not expensive at all.
-Oh.
So, you want me to spray more?
Yeah, okay. Please spray some more.
-You want a bunch?
-Yeah. Over here.
Where you just sprayed.
-Okay. Right here?
-Yes. Right here.
-Spray generously all over, please.
-[spray fizzing]
[Eun-cheol] Good.
How much does one of these cost?
I think it was about 67,000 won.
What? Sixty-seven…
You sprayed that on the…
What are you thinking?
-It's okay.
-But…
You paid…
-Finally.
-Yes!
-[Hye-jin] Wow!
-Dig in.
All right. It looks fancy.
You work so fast.
[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
-[Du-sik] Tell me if you need more.
-Ooh, shrimp.
-Mmm!
-Oh, wow. Just beer and soju?
You don't want to share your collection?
We'll start with these for now.
After drinking them with some food,
we'll switch to homemade stuff
and appreciate it.
It'll be like…
[clicks tongue]
Ahh, good plan.
You're not allergic?
In the 34 years I've been on earth,
I haven't found
the piece of food I can't eat.
So wait a minute. You've been
on the planet for 34 years, huh?
-We're the same age.
-Oh, yeah? We are?
-Let's be friends, then.
-Yeah, I'll be your friend. All right.
[men chuckling]
So, then you become friends
with each other?
Sure, why not?
Is that all right with you, Miss Dentist?
[Seong-hyeon] Oh, right.
-Let me make some somaek for you.
-Please.
-Hey, stop, stop!
-Hey, Chief Hong! Are you crazy?
-You pour too much.
-You pour too much beer, dude!
What, really?
I followed the normal ratio.
The one everyone use, 7:3.
No. Listen to me.
Everybody knows that
the perfect ratio for somaek is 6:4.
-Aah.
-[Hye-jin] Yeah, that's right.
-Is that your favorite?
-[Seong-hyeon] Of course.
-That's what I do.
-Good.
-All right, pour your own, then, people.
-I'll do it for you.
-Okay, thank you.
-Here.
One, two, three, four.
-One, two, three, four.
-That's good. Perfect. Thanks.
You're very meticulous.
-There you go. Just one more thing.
-[bottle clinks]
Watch.
-Whoo! Whoo!
-Ohh!
-Here you go.
-You're so good.
-[laughing]
-He spilled it everywhere.
Hey, I just spilled a little bit.
Yeah, let's drink them down.
[Seong-hyeon and Hye-jin] Cheers!
-Oh.
-Cheers.
-Cheers to us.
-[slurps]
-Mm-mm.
-[sighs]
-This is nice.
-It's smooth.
Hye-jin, you still don't drink
the first glass at once?
[chuckles]
You remember that?
You were always nursing
your first two glasses.
God, you haven't changed.
Not one little bit.
-That's not--
-She's always been this way, then, huh?
Oh, yeah, she's still the same person.
-Opening a clinic here and everything.
-[Hye-jin] What?
You know,
instead of becoming the big shot.
I'm sure you opened up a clinic out here
to help folks who really need you.
I hear the countryside
has a lot fewer clinics than Seoul.
-This is so something you do.
-[Du-sik snickers]
This is the person
you're talking about here?
The Miss Dentist I know…
[groans]
-Abusive.
-Oh, sorry.
Um, my leg fell asleep,
I needed to straighten it.
I didn't mean to kick you. I'm sorry.
I don't know, that felt pretty on purpose.
Wow, this gambas looks really delicious.
It would go well with wine,
don't you think?
-Do you like wine?
-Oh, yeah. I love wine.
What kind?
Ah, I like Burgundy wines, so Pinot Noir.
-Is that so?
-Uh-huh.
-Me too.
-[gasps]
-Really?
-They are soft,
and have the perfect acidity,
so they pair well with food.
-Right?
-[Du-sik] Hey.
-Burgundy wines are too bland.
-[fork clinks]
Now, Bordeaux wines are superior.
The richness of the Cabernet Sauvignon
and Merlot blend.
You told me you didn't know
much about wine.
Well, uh…
I'm just saying.
Okay.
[sighs]
Time really does fly.
Miss Yoon Hye-jin likes wine now?
[chuckles]
The Hye-jin that I remember
liked comic books and tteokbokki.
Yeah, I still do.
Especially spicy tteokbokki.
-Spicy tteokbokki?
-Yeah.
Me too. There's this amazing spot
really close to my work.
-[Hye-jin] Mm-hm?
-I eat it when I'm editing.
It's the perfect…
[sucks teeth]
-…spiciness level.
-That sounds great!
I don't understand
why people like tteokbokki so much.
[tense music]
What's wrong?
Are you still reading comic books?
Well, lately, I've actually been
watching more webtoons.
But at certain point, though,
you can never replace the paperback.
I agree. The texture,
the smell, and everything.
I find myself still wandering
in the comic book stores.
-Oh, yeah? Really?
-Mm-hm.
Oh! Have you heard from Seok-hun?
He's married now, with kids.
[gasps]
He got married?
-Yeah! I'll show you some pictures.
-Oh, please.
[both gasp]
My goodness. Is it a girl?
-Yeah. She's adorable.
-She's really cute.
-[Du-sik] She's a little pretty baby.
-She looks like Seok-hun.
[Seong-hyeon] She just turned one.
-[crickets creaking]
-[Seong-hyeon sighs]
Now that we're friends,
can I ask you a favor?
Sure, go ahead.
Can you be my team's guide
this week coming up?
-Hey.
-Miss Wang mentioned
-how helpful you were to her.
-[gasps]
What do you say?
Would you like to work with me?
Well, I'm not sure this week.
I'm pretty busy.
Yeah, Chief Hong is really way too busy.
That only makes me more desperate.
[muttering]
A challenge to decide, then?
-A challenge?
-Yeah.
If I win, you'll accept my offer
and be out guide.
And if you win…
[mimics explosion]
-[thumps on table]
-…I'll give up.
-Uh, well, it seems to be a little--
-Stop right there.
Well, I'll go prepare.
-Seong-hyeon, come on.
-What are you thinking?
-What's he…
-Oh!
-[glasses clinking]
-That's my stuff.
-[mysterious music]
-Okay. I have a challenge.
One of these is normal Americano.
The other is Americano
with sand lance sauce.
We'll guess which one
is the normal Americano.
What? This was on a show.
Yes, it was.
I had a feeling you'd be familiar with it.
Now, it's impossible
to tell them apart on appearance.
To make sure it's fair,
I'll ask you to shuffle them.
-Now?
-Yeah.
-This guy scares me, you know?
-All right.
He's too excited.
Why are we doing this?
I'm shuffling them.
-[clears throat]
-I'm a little nervous.
[action music]
Okay.
-Let me--
-Ahh, don't touch!
-Hey, what are you doing?
-You can't smell it.
[groans]
This guy. Okay.
[chuckles]
You scare me.
-Now, I'll pick one.
-[chuckles]
-[Hye-jin chuckles]
-[Du-sik] Go ahead and pick one.
The right one.
I'll drink the left one.
Ready?
And… go!
[Hye-jin] Oh, my goodness.
What's going on?
Chief Hong, did you get coffee?
Both of them can't be coffee, can they?
This one's coffee.
[gulping]
Are you slamming it all?
-Look at his eyes.
-Seong-hyeon.
[gasps]
That's got to be terrible.
[gulping]
[Du-sik] Damn.
[gulps]
-[Seong-hyeon grunting]
-[Hye-jin gasps]
[all chuckle]
-Oh, God!
-[Hye-jin] Oh, dear.
-[Seong-hyeon groans]
-Oh.
There were so much lance sauce in there.
[Hye-jin] Are you okay? Gosh, it stinks.
I finished it, so we're tie.
[coughs]
Next game!
-Tang.
-Su.
-Yuk.
-Tang.
-Su.
-Yuk.
Tang.
[both speaking rapidly]
It's never going to end!
Okay. Next game.
Yorkshire Terrier.
-[Du-sik and Hye-jin sigh]
-Next, Golden Retriever. Go.
Golden Retriever…
[Du-sik] Strawberry, three.
[Seong-hyeon yawns]
Strawberry, strawberry, strawberry.
Strawberry, seven.
Strawberry, strawberry, strawberry,
strawberry, strawberry,
strawberry, strawberry.
Strawberry, five.
[yawning]
Strawberry, strawberry, strawberry,
strawberry, strawberry…
-Next game.
-I'll do it. I'll be your team's guide.
[sighs]
Let's stop.
I don't want to decide this way. Okay?
I want a fair result.
Who can put more clothespins on his face?
[both yawning]
[Du-sik] Please stop. Please.
-[muttering]
-[comical music]
[Hye-jin groans]
Oh, my God.
Seong-hyeon is drunk.
Where's Chief Hong?
[inhales, groans]
I should go home.
[groans]
[comical music continues]
[sighs]
Chief Hong.
You're so heavy! Gosh.
You'll freeze to death
if you sleep outside.
Chief Hong, I saved your life.
[groans]
I'm going home.
-[sighs]
-[thuds]
[crickets creaking]
-[birds squawking]
-[waves crashing]
[birds screeching]
[rooster crowing]
[tense music]
[gasps]
Oh, darn it.
Why is everything so hard?
I'm feeling heavy all day if I don't go
to the bathroom in the morning.
-[gasps]
-[rooster crowing]
[tense music continues]
-[door closes]
-[Seong-hyeon] Hye-jin!
Seong-hyeon, did I wake you up?
[yawns]
No.
I drank too much. I blacked out.
Me too.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
Before I forget, what's your number?
[groans]
-I meant to ask yesterday.
-Yeah.
[wind gusting]
Here.
-The same number?
-You remember my number?
Yeah, I do, for some reason.
[chuckles]
-I have to go to work, so I'll get going.
-Yeah, yeah.
-I'll be in touch, okay?
-Okay.
-[Du-sik] Where's Miss Dentist?
-Ooh!
She just left.
-She did?
-Yeah.
-[Du-sik clears throat]
-I'm gonna go.
[Du-sik] Hey.
Do you want some ramyeon?
[tense music]
[gulps]
Oh, you scared me.
Chief Hong's house again?
Yeah. But we just slept.
Nothing happened again.
-And I wasn't the only one there.
-Hmm. There's more people this time.
Do you remember Seong-hyeon?
Oh, yeah. Ji Seong-hyeon?
Yep. He's visiting Gongjin right now.
-He's filming a TV show here.
-[gasps]
Oh, that's so cool!
Do you mind if I jumped in the shower?
My head hurts.
[Hye-jin groans]
Why is my whole body aching?
Caught between a rock and a hard place,
Chief Hong and Ji Seong-hyeon.
Wow. Will Yoon Hye-jin's simple life
finally be throwing into chaos?
-[water trickling]
-Wow!
-[Hye-jin] I can hear you.
-You know? This is really exciting.
[sighs]
I made a lot, so eat as much as you want.
[Seong-hyeon] Thank you.
Thank… Oh, hold on.
Did you put eggs in it?
Yeah, I wanted to add some protein.
[groaning]
Unacceptable.
Eggs ruin the flavor of the soup.
It's best to follow the instructions
on the back of the packet exactly.
Oh, God. Read the packet?
Come on, dude. Nobody does that.
Are you a purist on every food?
-Forget it. Give it back.
-No. I'm sorry.
-Let me eat it, then.
-Come on. I'll eat it. I'm fine with it.
-[scoffs]
-[inhales]
-You're still our guide?
-I'm so hungry, huh.
-[slurping]
-Have at it.
Mmm.
[people chuckling]
I need more allowance. Times have changed.
Twenty thousand won a week
is not even close to enough money.
You'll waste it all on magazines
that feature DOS
and all that stuff, anyway.
-You want me to run away from home again?
-[sighs]
-[both chuckle]
-Sure, do that. Come on, pack up.
Go be wherever you wanna be.
Don't let me stop you.
-[groans, gasps]
-[laughs]
Hye-jin.
[gasps]
-Hey. How are you?
-Hello.
Will DOS really be on that TV show?
-Oh, my God. Will they? Will they?
-Dr. Yoon, tell me.
Is that director guy
really gonna be making the--
-Can I get some coffee first?
-Uh, yeah.
-Ju-ri. Aren't you late for school?
-[gasps]
-What time is it?
-Uh-uh!
-Hurry, come on, let's go!
-Ugh.
You got everything? Okay.
-Hye-jin, I'll call you.
-Okay.
You're gonna get penalty points again!
-I, uh…
-[door closes]
I'm making iced Americano.
[chuckles]
-Coming right up.
-Yeah.
-[cell phone chimes]
-Let's see here.
[Chun-jae] By any chance…
[Seong-hyeon] Hye-jin,
it was really nice seeing you again.
See you soon. I'll call you.
[chuckling]
Hey, Miss Yoon, are you listening?
-Oh, yes. Uh-huh.
-Come on. No, you're not.
[Chun-jae laughs]
-[light music]
-[seagulls cawing]
[Seong-hyeon groans]
I drank too much.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
What's this?
Coffee-flavored candy.
Gives you a little chill
when you need to pick me up.
Uh…
Did you bring the whole supermarket
in your bag?
Yeah. Isn't it great?
Mmm.
It's good.
[Ji-won] Wow.
Look at you two.
Seems like you guys gave
your livers workout.
He did, but I didn't.
Don't put me in the same boat as him.
Aren't we, though? Why do you have to--
Let's see, tangsuyuk,
some sand lance sauce, and what else?
-Candy.
-Exactly.
Do you wanna play
some more games, or what?
[sighs]
No, thanks.
Have some pity on this guy.
His subconscious is swamped
in his work at all times.
I almost died playing his games.
[Ji-won] Good job. Keep it up.
[birds cawing]
-[Ji-won] Hi!
-[man groans]
Sleep well? Your eyes are all puffy.
Getting used to sleep deprivation.
Next few months.
-You're probably right.
-You look pretty tired.
-Yeah, I want to introduce someone.
-[hands clap]
This is Chief Hong.
He's graciously offered
to be our guide while we're here.
Hi. Hello.
This man is here
to help us scout things out.
Assistant director Kim Do-ha.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I really appreciate your help
for this project.
Hey, buddy. Nice to meet you.
Why'd you call me "buddy"? I just met you.
That's just Chief Hong's style.
He's informal.
It's more of a philosophy.
Hand in hand. We are the world.
We're all friends here, aren't we?
-[Seong-hyeon] We are.
-Let's go.
Ah, cool guy. This will be fun.
Let's go.
[light music]
[Seong-hyeon] Take in the beauty here.
-I know this place.
-Right?
-[Du-sik] Miss Wang, you've been here?
-[Ji-won] I have. Take some photos.
-It's nice here.
-There's a pretty nice lake.
-Show me.
-[Ji-won] Over here.
That's a port.
You can't surf over there, right?
-I can take a picture of you.
-[Seong-hyeon] No.
That's not what I meant. I'm sorry.
-[Do-ha chuckles]
-I was talking about the view.
Did you two just meet?
Snow crab season is almost over.
So tell me, um…
Where will the main shoot location
be this time?
I have some place in mind.
Oh. Okay, cool.
[Gam-ri] No, you can't.
You came here for nothing.
I have lived in this house all my life.
I can't give it to you.
Let me explain.
We're not asking for your house.
We just want to borrow it for a bit.
Three days sessions.
We promise, no more than five sessions.
Just go. Whatever you say,
it's not gonna work. Okay? That's it.
-Grandma, you know--
-[Gam-ri] Du-sik, shut it.
I'm not gonna be
taken advantage of by all of you.
Just, just… Miss Kim, don't decide now.
Think about it for a bit.
Even if you ask me a million times,
my answer's no.
Beg me till you're blue in the face.
It's my house, and it's off-limits. Mm-hm?
[Gam-ri grunts]
[sighs]
[rasping]
[Gam-ri sighs]
Yes, I understand.
If you're so strongly against the idea,
I shouldn't try to force it upon you.
I'm sorry for all the trouble, ma'am.
Have a good day.
[Seong-hyeon] All right.
-Let's go. Yeah, yeah.
-Okay.
-Grandma, have a good day.
-[Gam-ri] Go.
[footsteps receding]
-[woman] Thank you.
-[Du-sik] Don't thank me.
Director Ji bought them.
[sighs]
I didn't expect Miss Gam-ri
to be so adamant.
Hey, I've seen some more places.
Want me to check them out?
You mean, Mr. Kim's house,
the red door? I'll call.
-Not gonna work.
-Huh?
I will not film in any other house.
[tense music]
[sighs]
But you told Miss Gam-ri
you'd stop asking about it, didn't you?
Not really. I just said
I'd stop persuading or forcing her.
Yeah, but whatever you call it,
it's basically the same thing.
I want food.
Does that mean that
you want some food right now?
Chief Hong, how about we eat some lunch?
Really, man?
When Seong-hyeon is hungry,
it's important that he gets fed soon.
Oh, it's important he gets fed.
Even though he just devoured my house.
It doesn't matter.
His stomach is a bottomless hole.
[quirky tense music]
Unbelievable.
You're a strange guy.
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
Third time I've been to this place.
Are you involved with them in some way,
or is this a coincidence?
I know you liked the food here.
Today, I won't be cooking.
You all need more time?
-Um…
-Hello.
-[Ji-won] What should we have?
-Why don't I surprise you?
Okay.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
Here it comes.
-[Du-sik] Yes!
-[Ji-won gasps]
-Surprise!
-[Du-sik] Wow!
-It looks fantastic.
-I told you, you wouldn't be disappointed.
-Didn't I? Look at this.
-[Hwa-jeong] Enjoy!
I've never seen this before.
Oh, what is this?
-Fringed blenny.
-[Du-sik] Oh.
They're impossible to farm,
so they're always wild.
Oh, you know, it's been forever
since I've had this fish.
[Du-sik] You can only have this here
at this price.
In Seoul, this fish would be
100,000 won a kilo.
-[Hwa-jeong] Right.
-[gasps]
-[Do-ha] I can't wait.
-[Seong-hyeon] Well, let's dig in.
-Thank you.
-[Du-sik] Enjoy.
-Yeah.
-[Do-ha] Looks great.
-[Du-sik] Dip it in soy sauce.
-[Ji-won] Mmm! It's delicious.
-Seriously.
-It's amazing.
[light music]
[birds trilling]
-[clinks]
-[singing]
Sweet, chewy, delicate.
The flavors form
a perfectly-balanced triangle.
[Du-sik] It's as if the fish
comes back alive and…
[mimics water whooshing]
…it swims in my mouth.
And then, the perfect texture
and fresh flavors.
-[clanks]
-This fish is…
[both] The Perfect Trifecta.
-Yes!
-[laughs]
-[Seong-hyeon sighs]
-Is it good?
-It's no joke.
-Do-ha, observe them closely.
-But, why?
-I know, right?
You don't want to end up like them.
-[both moan]
-If you do, I will kill you.
-You understand?
-Yeah.
-Not to worry.
-Enjoy.
-[Ji-won chuckles]
-Go ahead.
Let's eat.
[chopsticks clatter]
-Ohh.
-They're so noisy.
[waves crashing]
My stomach is gonna burst.
[sighs]
Mine too.
Same here.
There's one-man power into the end.
[staff] Hello.
-It's too hot.
-They're gonna be sick.
Hey, Miss Dentist, are you here for lunch?
-Oh, Hye-jin.
-Seong-hyeon.
-Oh, hello.
-Hello.
I'm Hye-jin's friend, Pyo Mi-seon.
-Actually, we met once a long time ago.
-When did you meet?
-A while back.
-Oh. I remember. Hello.
[both] Hello.
Am I invisible? No one says hi to me.
-Hello, Chief Hong.
-Hi.
-[Hwa-jeong] Dr. Yoon's here?
-Hello.
You wanna have a seat with everybody, or…
Ah, we're already finished.
We're just about to head up.
-Pay with our company card.
-Okay.
-Wow.
-I'll go get the menu.
-[Hye-jin] Okay.
-Let's go.
-Me too.
-Is it getting hot outside?
[Hye-jin] Oh, it is.
We would've come later
if we knew you were coming.
All good. Nice to see you.
-Aren't you feeling a bit hung over today?
-That's why I'm here.
The jiri was great.
-You should get that.
-Let us decide.
[whispering]
Hey, get the jiri.
-I will.
-[Hye-jin] By the way…
It looks like he's decided
to accept the job.
-Yeah.
-I decided to devote myself to Gongjin.
So gracious of you.
I'm sure he explained
about his fees and all?
-Hm? No, he hasn't.
-Oh, right.
I'm glad you brought that up.
I thought maybe you would tell him
my daily fee.
[Hye-jin] I'm not your spokesperson.
You can explain it to him yourself.
-I'm ready.
-[sighs]
[clears throat]
You just have to pay him
the minimum wage. By the hour.
The overtime rate
is one and a half times the regular wage.
[claps]
Good job. Nailed it.
Other than that,
he won't accept any money.
To be honest, he's a bit of a weirdo.
-[chuckles]
-Why would you say something like that?
He also needs days off.
And on his days off,
-he refuses to do any work.
-[whispering]
So make sure to be very clear
on what you want.
Is that right?
[chuckles]
So tell me, do you have to work with him?
-Huh?
-Seong-hyeon, we got to go.
-See you later.
-Ah, I'm sure I'll be seeing you.
-Yeah, I'll take you out somewhere soon.
-Sounds good.
-[Seong-hyeon] All right.
-Looking forward to it.
-See you.
-Good to see you. Have a good one.
"Ooh, sounds good. Looking forward to it."
Is there a problem?
What about not letting men treat you?
-Aren't you leaving?
-"Looking forward to it."
-[chuckling]
-Were you trying to sound cute?
-You're annoying.
-[Du-sik] Enjoy.
Go away.
-[wind gusting]
-Oh, man, the sky is amazing today!
Beautiful!
[chuckles]
You're in a good mood again.
-Your biorhythm sways on what you eat.
-[laughing]
Seong-hyeon, are you really
not going to check out other houses?
So how about we go shopping, huh?
What? Shopping?
-The market is that way, right?
-Shopping?
Hey, man, you don't even know
which way you're supposed to be going.
Don't tell him where it is.
Uhh…
-Something I've been wanting to ask.
-Hm?
Why do you work with a guy like that?
You're a freelance,
so you can work anywhere.
Well, I respect the poor guy.
What? Really? You do?
Mm-hm. Respect.
-Resp…
-Oh, my God, that was corny.
-[Ji-won grunts]
-Respect?
Oh, you guys are all crazy. Got it.
These must have come in today.
The onions?
-Ahh.
-How long is this gonna stay?
-[Ji-won] Let's just see.
-There's more over there.
This is interesting.
-Hello.
-Hello. How are you?
-Ooh, look at these?
-Are these your style?
-I mean…
-Come over here.
-Why? What are you doing?
-Stay still.
-[sighs]
-Let's see.
-These look good.
-How much?
-I like these much more.
-I'll take these three.
-Are they for me?
-Give me a minute.
-[seller] You look good.
-Look at me.
-We'll buy ten squid.
-[vendor 1] Sure.
[Seong-hyeon] Pufferfish…
-[Du-sik] Why are you buying so much?
-[Seong-hyeon] This one too.
[Du-sik] These are small.
-They're different sizes, huh.
-For different dishes?
-You know what? I'll take them both.
-Just a minute. Hang on.
Oh, let me try that!
Come on.
Um, what's going on?
Is he getting more food?
-Hello, sir.
-[vendor 2] Welcome. Take a look.
-I'll take them all.
-[vendor 2] Oh, sure. Give me a second.
-Take this.
-Hey, take this.
-Eat it!
-The whole thing?
-Let's take a picture.
-It'll be an insert.
Here.
Bite it off.
There you go. Amazing.
-This candy…
-Oy. Hold on.
-What are you doing?
-What's wrong. I want that.
-You're buying so much.
-Please pack it for me.
-This.
-I'll carry it.
-Somebody stop him.
-This.
-[vendor 3] Senbei?
-I'll take these three. Thank you.
Got everything?
[quirky music]
-[Seong-hyeon] Miss Kim.
-[birds chirping]
Here. This is gangnaengi.
This is hangwa. Look at the colors.
Beautiful, right? They look good.
Oh, they do look really amazing.
I'm sure they taste really pretty.
Look at all this.
Do you really think
I'll fall for all of this?
Put them away or I'll kick you out!
Hey, really. You don't need
to be mean to him. He's being kind.
Oh. Stop it. This is just making me angry.
You know I already made myself clear
when you were here yesterday.
I know.
I'm just repaying you for the delicious
meal you made for us the other day.
That's just not true.
Do you really think I don't know
that you're bribing me with all this?
-Get lost, huh.
-That's not it.
I've given up trying
to shoot in your house,
because you very clearly said no.
I just came here today to say hi,
and that I appreciate you.
So please take these and enjoy, okay?
[coughs]
Miss Gam-ri.
It's not right to ignore
this type of gesture. It's not.
-Hmm.
-She's right.
Fine. Leave it.
I'm only taking all these stuff,
so you're not embarrassed by it.
Oh, good. Please enjoy. Help yourselves.
[laughter]
Ah… Oh, well…
[Seong-hyeon] Oh, Miss Kim!
-What?
-Put it down! I'll carry it.
-I'll carry it.
-It's okay. I got it.
I'll carry it for you. Put it down.
It's really fine.
I was going to wash it.
I'll wash it. Relax. Go sit down.
I'll wash it. It's no big deal.
It's very dirty. See?
I saw it at the market
and thought it was so pretty.
Oh.
Come on. Try it on.
Not gonna do that.
Ah, come on. Humor me.
I have too many hats.
I'll leave it here, try it on later.
You just might change your mind.
[light music]
Oh, it's nice. Yeah.
Oh, my.
[light music continues]
All right. Almost there. There you go.
Oh, that's it!
-There!
-[both laughing]
-[sighs]
-Here. Drink this.
-Oh, goodness. Thank you.
-You're good.
[chuckling]
[Gam-ri] You did a great job.
-There you go.
-Oh!
-Good?
-It's very good.
-Oh, good.
-And it won't go off now.
-[both chuckle]
-Okay. Thank you.
Thank you.
[waves crashing]
[soft music]
[sighs]
That young man, he gave up too easily.
[soft music continues]
You saw Dr. Yoon and Director Ji
coming out of Chief Hong's place?
How many times do I have to tell you?
-Really?
-Yes.
-Why?
-How would I know that?
Anyway, love triangle seem like
they're becoming a trend in Gongjin.
-[laughs]
-A trend? Who else?
You forgot?
Yeo Hwa-jeong, Chang Yeong-guk,
and Yu Cho-hui.
They were the first triangle.
-Ahh…
-Tell me more. I don't remember it at all.
-[Geum-cheol laughs]
-What? You don't know this?
Why do you look so happy?
I'll have to tell you about it.
It was 15 years ago.
That's when Cho-hui was first transferred
and came to our town.
She rented a room from Hwa-jeong.
BOARDING HOUSE
[Hwa-jeong] Oh, you have so many books.
-[Hwa-jeong groans]
-[Cho-hui] Isn't that heavy?
[sighs]
I'll put it here.
Hey, Hwa-jeong, I brought
some dried fish for you.
I don't know…
[gunky music]
Hey! You dropped them, you doofus!
[Nam-suk] You all know
what Hwa-jeong was like.
-She was a tomboy.
-[Hwa-jeong] You wanna die?
[Nam-suk] And what was Cho-hui like?
She was delicate like a wild flower
swaying in the wind.
Imagine how Yeong-guk felt.
-He fell in love at first sight.
-[all] Cheers!
[Nam-suk] Soon, the three of them
started hanging out together.
Only they didn't seem to know
that they were trapped
in the Bermuda Love Triangle.
-[Geum-cheol] Bermuda?
-[Nam-suk] Yes.
[Geum-cheol chuckles]
And? What happened next?
BOARDING HOUSE
-Cho-hui, take care.
-You too.
-Call me when you arrive.
-Go back inside.
Bye.
-See you.
-Aw, bye.
Bye!
[Nam-suk] And then one
of Cho-hui's parents got sick.
-[Geum-cheol] Right.
-[Nam-suk] It was her mother.
She wasn't good.
After just a year, Cho-hui
moved back home, and that was it.
-[Geum-cheol] Right.
-[Yun-gyeong] That's it? That's nothing.
-[Chun-jae] Exactly. It's nothing.
-[laughter]
Oh, well, yeah.
I guess you're probably right.
It wasn't much. Uh-huh.
All I know that men
never forget the first woman they loved?
[men chuckle]
-How about you? Is that right?
-No.
-I don't even remember.
-[men laugh]
-You're lying.
-No, I'm not. I'm not lying.
-You sure?
-[Chun-jae] Oh, you're wrong.
First love is no big deal to men.
Only because we were so inexperienced.
-Exactly.
-Inexperienced in what?
I mean, it's incomplete.
-So when does it become complete? Tell me.
-You're unbelievable.
I don't know
how it becomes complete, okay?
-[Nam-suk] I don't know.
-It's just… more fun.
[all laughing]
-[Cho-hui] Hello.
-[door closes]
Hi, it was… Hello.
-Hello.
-We were just cleaning the fish.
-Yeah, I see.
-You want to try?
-Sorry?
-[Chun-jae] What can I get you?
-Just a cup of coffee, thanks.
-Coming right up.
[overlapping chatter]
[quirky music stops]
I-jun, hey! Stop reading and play with me.
You want to wrestle?
Or throw the ball outside?
Have you forgotten you broke a vase,
and Mom kicked you out last time?
I remember. Unfortunate thing.
Next time, we go to my place. Okay?
Nothing's breakable over there. So we can…
But your place smells bad.
Is that true?
Do I smell that bad?
Please tell me if I smell.
-[sniffing]
-No, you don't.
Just where you live.
That place smells bad.
Dad.
Make sure to wash
your feet and clothes often.
And open the windows for air.
Okay?
Okay.
-My boy is all grown up.
-[gasps]
[grunts]
I have to go to the bathroom.
Okay. It must be all the water you drank.
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
[quirky music]
I think I saw it somewhere
around here some time ago.
Where could it be?
Let's see here.
[quirky music continues]
This is it.
-[Hwa-jeong] That's mine.
-[gasps]
Hm?
You said you'd, you'd be out late.
Is there a reason
you're going through my drawers?
Put that down.
I was just wondering…
You know, just in case.
It looks exactly the same.
Are you sure this is your bracelet?
There isn't anything in my house
that belongs to you, so put it back.
Okay. Sorry.
[clears throat]
[clattering]
-Come on. Please get out.
-[clears throat, groans]
I got to say something to you.
I want to have a meal with Cho-hui. Alone.
Is that okay? Ohh!
-What was that?
-Sorry, mosquitos are flying around.
-Hey! What…
-And a few flies.
Aah!
Hey!
I got it.
-[snickers]
-What?
There really was one?
If you eat with her, I'm coming.
What?
The other day, Cho-hui said
she wants to eat with both of us.
[scoffs]
That's just…
It's just… We'll eat tomorrow at Mozart.
Ah, sounds good.
Gosh, that stings.
[Yeong-guk sighs]
[Yeong-guk clears throat]
[quirky music]
[sighs]
[deep exhale]
-[Gam-ri] Hmm…
-[beeping]
[crickets creaking]
[line ringing]
-[Min-ju] Hello?
-Oh, Min-ju, hi.
Grandma?
Yes, it's me. Oh, oh, hello.
I'm so happy you answered.
What time is it there
in America right now?
Here? It's, um, it's 6:00 a.m.
Oh, my gosh.
You must be so busy with your studies.
I'm so sorry I called you so early
and woke you up. You're probably so tired.
It's fine. So, anyway, why did you call?
Oh, I just missed you.
I haven't heard your beautiful voice
in so long.
You have vacation soon.
Are you coming to Korea?
If you come to Gongjin to visit,
I will cook any food you want to eat.
I'll cook a big feast for you.
Oh, well…
I'm going to California
for vacation with my friends.
But I'll try to visit you.
Uh… Don't worry too much
about me. I'm okay.
Ah, just be happy.
Be well, sweetie. Eat vegetables.
Yeah. Take care.
[tranquil music]
[crickets creaking]
-[water gushing]
-[seagulls cawing]
Oh, that?
Ah. The implant will be angled
so that it fits inside the bone.
So an SCRP might reveal the hole.
And that's why the cement
would work for this.
Yes, yes.
-All right.
-[cell phone chimes]
[humming]
-[plastic rustles]
-[slides close]
BORA SUPERMARKET
Someone here won?
Hello.
[laughs]
[Yun-gyeong] Hi, Mi-seon.
-I'll take these.
-Sure.
-One, two, three, four.
-Oh, gosh.
-Yun-gyeong.
-Yes?
Is it true? The third Gongjin's mystery?
Yeah. It happened three years ago,
in Gongjin, someone won the lottery.
-1.4, yep, billion.
-[sighs]
-That's insane.
-Mm-hm.
So, how do you know it was someone
who lives here in Gongjin?
Oh, well, a typhoon swept
through the entire town that week.
All the roads were totally blocked,
and some parts of the town
were completely flooded.
No one could come in or out.
I remember it clearly.
In fact, we were open
for only two days that week.
Oh, okay, but you don't remember
who it was who bought it?
[sighs]
Well…
Almost everyone in town
bought a ticket that week.
Since the situation was so grave,
people wanted some hope.
All we know is one of Gongjin residents
won a winning ticket.
But no one seems to have gotten rich.
I'm dying to know myself.
[chuckles]
-[mysterious music]
-[inhales]
I'll take two 5,000-won lottery tickets.
Officer Choi.
-Miss Pyo. Did you just get off work?
-Yes. What about you?
I'm still on duty.
But please get home safe.
Uh, hold on. Uh, take this.
I bought two. I want you to have one.
What? No, no, no. I'm just fine.
No, I want you to have it.
And if you win, you can take me out.
No. I'm really fine.
[sighs]
Can, can you just please humor me here?
Huh?
It's not a bribe or anything.
It's just a 5,000-won gift, that's all.
Why do you have to turn it down so coldly?
Throw it away if you want.
Wait.
[footsteps receding]
[sighs]
[seagulls cawing]
-[Hye-jin] What are you up to?
-Clearly, I'm washing the blankets.
-Oh, my.
-[Hye-jin] Hello.
-Oh, hi there. What brings you here?
-Ah.
Well, you forgot
your wallet here at my clinic.
Oh, my goodness. What was I thinking?
Oh, my goodness. Huh.
Thank you so much
for coming all the way here.
Of course. I'll see you later.
Okay.
Uh. What's with you?
[clears throat]
-What's wrong?
-Grandma!
Miss Dentist would like to help us out.
Oh, my, really?
Well, that would be just so great.
Oh, Dr. Yoon,
you're the most kind young lady.
You know that?
[Gam-ri laughs]
[chuckles]
It's nothing.
Well? Go change clothes.
[playful music]
Do you have any clothes
she can borrow, Miss Gam-ri?
[sighs]
[playful music]
What do you think?
Are they comfortable? Quite luxurious.
They're the best work clothes.
Don't you think?
So? Huh? Do they fit you?
Yes, they fit well.
[Du-sik] What are you doing?
Come here and get to work.
What am I supposed to do?
Just get in here and start stomping.
You're heavy as a sack of rice.
Put it to use.
I'm not that heavy.
-[laughs]
-[water sloshes]
Du-sik, how come you wash them this way,
instead of washing machine?
Blankets are meant to be washed this way.
It also relieves stress.
If it's so beneficial,
then why'd you bring me into it?
It's too good to enjoy it alone.
-I wanted to share it with my friend.
-Some friend.
Oh, I thought you might throw a fit,
but you're actually pretty calm.
So, uh, looks like
we've become friends, huh?
-Yeah, whatever.
-[water sloshing]
Oh! You're making the water dirty.
No. You're the one making it dirty.
Ugh. That's ridiculous.
The ground is tilted and everything.
Yeah, that's why the dirt flows
from my side to yours.
You didn't wash your feet.
Gosh, Chief Hong.
The fact that you're even
bringing that up, should--
Quiet. Stomp harder.
Hey, that hurts. Watch out.
-[whimpers]
-Oh!
[romantic music]
[exhales sharply]
[romantic music continues]
[chiming sound]
What's this?
[sighs]
Just a minute.
I remembered something weird just now.
Don't you think
this is pretty weird already?
-Sorry.
-Gosh.
You rammed it to my shoulder. Felt like
I was being attacked by a mammoth.
Excuse me?
Just remember that human body
can be a deadly weapon.
Hey. Watch your mouth around me.
Just be careful.
Okay, I will.
Just remember that human body
can be a deadly…
Please stop it.
[whispering]
…a deadly weapon.
-[both chuckle]
-[in normal voice] Hurry up.
-Are you dancing?
-This is what you're supposed to do.
-Like this. Watch and learn.
-Stop splashing me.
-It's more fun this way. Stomp harder.
-[Hye-jin laughing]
[birds squawking]
[gentle music]
Aah!
Looking sexy!
♪ I love you, do-do-do ♪
♪ Ooh… ♪
[yelps]
[thuds]
[cell phone buzzing]
ZONE CHIEF YEO
[light music playing]
Oh, he's not picking up his phone?
No. He never shows up on time, you know?
It drives me crazy.
I hope he's okay, you know?
I'm sure there's nothing wrong.
[chuckles softly]
Let's look at the menu, yeah?
Oh. Seafood tomato pasta,
and cream risotto,
lasagna, carbonara, vongole…
Well, that sounds good.
[chuckles]
[Yeong-guk groans]
[quirky music]
Ohh!
-[water churning]
-Are you okay?
Sorry, I didn't mean to step on your foot.
♪ Sorbang, sorbang, sorbang ♪
What's "sorbang"?
-"Sorry, sorry, bang, bang."
-[laughs]
-You're so behind the times.
-[Du-sik] Be careful.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
["Romantic Sunday" by Car The Garden]
Keep twisting it. Okay, keep going.
[grunts]
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car The Garden continues]
This is good. Good job.
Pull that side.
Okay.
["Romantic Sunday" by Car The Garden]
[sighs]
Oh, my. I have a few more.
They've been damp all summer.
Take these too. Hey.
Uh, do we have to clean the house as well?
-Wash these too.
-I got to go.
Okay. Hold on.
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car The Garden continues]
[Du-sik] Ooh, what's that?
Good work today. Here.
Have a little snack before you go.
-Thanks, Ms. Gam-ri.
-[Hye-jin] Thank you. It looks tasty.
Try it.
[Hye-jin sighs]
-Mmm! It's so good.
-It is?
[Hye-jin] Mm-hm.
You know, labor is a good thing.
It makes a person nice and simple.
Right?
[Seong-hyeon] Hye-jin.
-Seong-hyeon!
-Chief Hong is here too?
Hey! You want some corn?
Oh, no, thanks.
Hye-jin, what are you doing here?
Well, Miss Kim is one of my patients
at my clinic.
I was helping her with her laundry.
Good to see you. I look ridiculous.
-Hey, look at you.
-[Gam-ri] Hello.
I haven't seen you in a few days.
Wait. Someone miss me?
No, I didn't say that.
What's going on here?
How come you're being all coy with him?
-When did you get so close?
-What?
-We're not close. Don't be silly.
-[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
Ms. Kim, I brought a cake for you.
It's from a super famous bakery.
[Seong-hyeon] Here.
Why do you keep bringing so much stuff?
Did you have dinner?
Not yet. I'm actually on my way
to dinner with a friend.
-[Gam-ri] Oh.
-May I bring him in?
-He wants to say hi.
-Oh.
-Okay. All right. We're fine.
-[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
JUNE, come in!
-[waves gushing]
-[quirky music]
-[gasps]
-Hello.
[gasps]
-[gasps]
-[Hye-jin chuckling]
Who's that young man?
Remember the band
from the Lighthouse Song Festival?
-Yeah.
-Well, JUNE here
is a member of that band.
[Gam-ri] I see.
Goodness, you're so skinny.
You're like a twig.
You should be eating better.
He knows.
He only eats salads right now,
because he's trying to lose some weight.
Oh, no, well, it's not possible
to live just on salad.
You should have dinner with us.
-Can we?
-[Du-sik] Yeah, okay.
You must be tired
after coming here from Seoul.
You just relax, I'll make food.
Oh, goodness. What should I make?
-[Seong-hyeon] Thank you.
-[Gam-ri grunts]
-What?
-You said we were eating somewhere nice.
Hey, it'll be amazing.
You can't find food like it
in Seoul, trust me.
-This was your plan all along, wasn't it?
-Oh, Chief Hong, come on.
[clears throat]
You know who he is, right? JUNE is--
♪ Look back at me ♪
-♪ Just a feeling ♪
-[Du-sik] You're good.
I've seen so many pictures of you,
I feel like I know you.
-Nice to meet you.
Do you remember me?
Oh.
-You're the dentist who treated me, right?
-[gasps]
-Yes, that's me. It's been a while.
-[chuckles]
-What a small world.
-I know.
[Seong-hyeon] You two know each other?
-Whoa. It's a very small world, isn't it?
-Oh, my…
[Du-sik] I've never seen her
light up like that.
[quirky music]
[Ju-ri] Hye-jin. Is it true
that DOS will be shooting here?
Is JUNE really coming here? Is he?
[gasps]
Uh, JUNE, uh…
Yeah?
[gasps]
Oh, my gosh.
-Dad!
-Gosh, you startled me.
You ruined my heart.
[sighs]
Dad, pinch me. I want you to pinch me.
Pinch me! Pinch me!
-You want me to pinch you?
-Uh-huh.
Okay.
-[yells]
-[laughs]
I'm not dreaming? This is real.
This is really real.
[screams]
This is real!
God, what's the matter with her?
I feel like I don't even know
who this person is anymore.
[sighs]
[Gam-ri] It's not much,
but help yourselves.
-[Seong-hyeon] Thank you!
-[JUNE] Thank you!
Miss Kim, have a seat.
-Yes, have a seat. Eat with us.
-Okay. Gosh.
-You must be hungry. Dig in.
-Right, yes.
Wow.
[gentle music]
-Delicious.
-Hm?
This is one of the greatest stews
I've ever had.
[laughs]
It's made with soybean paste
I made from scratch.
-[laughs]
-It tastes incredible.
Yeah?
Yeah, I haven't had
a home-cooked meal in a while.
It's so much better than the delivery
we have in Seoul, right?
-So much better.
-[Hye-jin] That's right.
You must be too busy
to have proper home meals.
[JUNE] Mm-hm.
Miss Kim, this guy,
he's been working nonstop
ever since he was young.
[Gam-ri] You're still so young,
and you work so much?
Oh, here. Try this one.
Here.
-Oh, okay. Thank you.
-[Gam-ri] Try it.
What about me, though?
[Gam-ri] You're a grown-up.
You can grab your own food.
Fine. Here's some for you.
[all laugh]
I make it look tastier, don't I?
Mm, like that? It tastes even better
when you give it to me.
Oh, stop.
-Try some pollack too.
-Yeah, sure.
-It's been simmered in my special sauce.
-Okay.
-Have more.
-[Ju-ri] Hye-jin, is JUNE really…
[Gam-ri] Huh?
[pants]
[Du-sik] How does it feel
to see him in person?
All the walls in her room
are covered with pictures of you.
Yeah? This must be my big fan
you told me about.
-Mm.
-You know her?
Oh, I know her well.
You're Oh Ju-ri, 14 years old, am I right?
[gasps]
Yes. Uh-huh.
[hiccups]
Did you eat something? You have…
-the hiccups?
-It's just…
-Are you okay?
-What…
-Drink some water.
-[Ju-ri] Thank you.
Thank you.
[hiccups]
-[chuckles]
-Ju-ri, what's wrong?
-You're not helping her hiccups go away.
-[Ju-ri coughs]
-Drink it slowly.
-[hiccups]
-Drink this.
-Aah!
-You're scaring her.
-[Seong-hyeon] Did it stop?
-[all laughing]
-No, it didn't.
My goodness.
[Seong-hyeon] She's so cute.
-[Du-sik] Ju-ri, are you okay?
-[Ju-ri] Yes.
-[groaning]
-[pensive music]
Oh.
I didn't realize how late it was.
Cho-hui must've been waiting long.
[door knob clanking]
-Huh? What?
-[thumps on door]
-[alarm beeping]
-Some burglar coming right now.
-[Hwa-jeong] He must be asleep.
-Oh, God.
-Aah! Oh, God, my eyes.
-[groans]
Are you insane? What happened?
What are you doing?
It's a long story.
I'll tell you later. Where's Cho-hui?
[groans]
[Cho-hui gasps]
Oh, my gosh.
Cho-hui.
Uh, I think I sprained my back.
I can't move at all.
[grunting]
What? No, please stay away!
[groans]
Stay away.
-Much better.
-[whimpering]
-Cho-hui, will you help me?
-Okay.
Don't come closer!
It's all good.
I'd rather be found as a mummy.
-I'll pick up his arms. You grab his legs.
-All right. Are you okay?
[groans]
I'm fine. Please just go away.
-Lift him on three. One, two…
-Okay.
-…three!
-Oh, no, please!
Should I dress you?
Should I take you to the hospital?
Forget it. I'll be okay.
Just leave me alone.
Cho-hui, this is not my best side.
I'm sorry.
[Cho-hui] Don't worry.
You think pain-relief patches would help?
No, I'm fine. Ahh!
There's a first-aid kit by the TV drawers.
I'll go find, then.
[footsteps receding]
Hwa-jeong, hey, I want that hairspray.
What do you need it for?
Hey, stop spreading it all over.
[groans]
I-jun said my place smells weird.
-And Cho-hui's here now.
-You're ridiculous.
Ah, why can't you just be nice?
Yeong-guk, I couldn't find
a pain-relief patch,
but I found a muscle relaxant. Take this.
-Cho-hui, can you help me get up?
-Yes.
-Come on. Easy now.
-[grunts]
-[Cho-hui] There you go. Oh, my.
-[Yeong-guk groans]
[birds chirping]
I-jun takes after you.
[Cho-hui chuckles]
That's news to me.
I think he looks just like Yeong-guk.
His personality.
He's smart and thoughtful.
He helps out his friends a lot.
Just like you used to help me
when I needed it, you know?
[chuckles]
That was a long time ago, you know?
It still means a lot to me.
Those were actually
the happiest days of my life.
I…
You think we, um, can go back
to what we were before?
Oh, yeah?
The three of us, just hanging out.
[birds chirping]
[deep breath]
-[Seong-hyeon] Oh, I'm so full.
-[JUNE] Are you okay now?
What? Well, yes.
[Gam-ri chuckles]
What's this? Are you really
the Ju-ri I know, young lady?
I'm not sure what you're talking about.
What do you mean?
You're freaking me out.
You're being so polite.
-[laughter]
-Seriously?
Miss Kim, thank you for the food.
It was so good.
Oh, I'm so glad to hear you say that.
[inhales]
But you are too skinny.
-You need to put on some weight.
-I will.
-[Gam-ri] Good.
-Miss Gam-ri, start a restaurant.
It's not too late.
If you keep saying such foolish things,
I'll kick you out.
-Okay.
-All right, guys.
I'll do the dishes in exchange
for a really wonderful meal.
[Hye-jin] I'll help you, Seong-hyeon.
No, you don't have to,
you have back problems.
And you washed blankets today.
-It's okay.
-Oh, what happened?
She got a herniated disc
after a car accident.
[Seong-hyeon] Back in high school, right?
You remember everything. How is that?
[laughing]
Of course.
You guys can relax. Enjoy yourselves.
Leave the dishes to me.
-[Du-sik] No, no.
-I'll help you. No?
Well, if you insist, then okay.
-I insist.
-[Hye-jin] Gosh.
-[dishes clinking]
-[Gam-ri] Huh?
Oh, wow. You're practically washing
all the dishes I have.
There are so many dishes.
I feel bad for you to wash all these.
Don't worry. It won't take long.
I'm very good at this.
-That's a relief.
-[both laugh]
Plus, you took care of my friend.
Thanks again for such a delicious meal.
It was very special.
Oh, sure. But it's just the food
I make every single day.
That was a major feast.
[Gam-ri] What?
[both chuckle]
Oh, my. Look at all the spoons we used.
That's more spoons than I've ever used.
I'm sure the spoons
were happy to be used as well.
It was really great, Miss Kim.
Oh?
It's so great to spend time
with special people
who care about other people.
-I enjoy people, more than anything.
-[tranquil music]
Just enjoying each other.
[laughs]
Oh, yeah, yeah.
[tranquil music continues]
-[birds chirping]
-[waves gushing]
[lively music]
[Du-sik] Good morning.
-[villager] Chief Hong, is that you?
-[Du-sik] Yes.
It's very hot this morning.
[brakes squeal]
CHUNG-HO MILK
[lively music continues]
[brakes squeal]
[Du-sik] Miss Gam-ri!
What?
-Hey.
-[both chuckle]
Mmm. This is good.
Thanks to you,
I get to drink milk for free.
Go ahead and drink as much as you want.
You know, it's good for your bones.
Can you bring chocolate milk tomorrow?
No way. Do you want to get
all your teeth pulled?
I need you to bring
that director guy to me later today.
What?
He can borrow my house.
You change your mind.
So, you're gonna do it?
[gulps]
Mm-hm.
I have lived in this house
for 50 years now.
I've given birth in this house,
and all my children
are all grown up now and married.
-I'm left alone in this empty house.
-[light music]
If people have fun here,
the house won't feel lonely
anymore, right?
You weren't lonely yesterday.
-You! Oh, you love to tease!
-[laughing]
Okay. I'll tell him today.
I'm happy as long as you're happy.
Goodness.
[laughs]
[Du-sik sighs]
-[music stops]
-[cell phone buzzes]
[groans]
[deep sigh]
[Seong-hyeon] If you're up,
open the front door.
[gasps]
-[door beeps]
-[birds chirping]
[exhales deeply]
[phone chimes]
[line ringing]
Seong-hyeon.
[Seong-hyeon] Are you up?
I hope I didn't wake you up.
Uh, no. Uh, what's the basket?
The one you left on my porch.
Well, I promised I would take you out.
But since you probably want to rest,
I brought a treat to you.
There aren't many brunch places here.
Did you travel a long way?
Don't worry. I'm really not that busy yet.
But I'll take you out soon,
to a proper meal.
[sighs]
Okay. Actually, it'll be my treat.
I'll have a big meal, five-course
that lasts forever
and makes you absolutely stuffed.
[chuckles]
Sounds good.
Lately, my clinic is doing well.
So I'm buying.
[sighs]
[soft music]
This is good.
[Hye-jin] What is?
I've been wondering
if you were still working like crazy.
And if you were sleeping and eating well.
The 20-year-old Yoon Hye-jin I knew
was always busy and stressed.
[chuckles]
So I'm glad you seem to enjoy life more.
I'm relieved, Hye-jin.
[woman] The person you are trying
to reach is unavailable…
She's been on the phone forever?
I'm gonna get breakfast.
-[Eun-cheol] Miss Pyo.
-[groans]
Uh, hello.
Did you just have a bath?
Yes. I'll, uh, I'll see you around.
[Eun-cheol] Hold on.
Could you please wait here for a second?
No, I… Officer Choi!
[groans, sighs]
Oh, I'm not wearing makeup.
Oh, I look awful.
[cheerful music]
[panting]
-This is for you.
-What?
It's rotisserie chicken.
You mentioned you like it.
-Thank you.
-Here.
Why are you giving me this?
You gave me that lottery ticket.
I won 5,000 won.
Enjoy the chicken.
[chuckles]
He spent, like, 7,000 won.
It's too much.
[cheerful music ends]
[Du-sik] You're not allowed to change
the way the house looks.
-I wasn't planning to. Don't worry--
-Even inside.
Ask permission before making
even the slightest change.
Anything at all, all right?
The moment you change anything,
you'll have to return the house to her.
Go ahead. Add that in the contract.
Sure, no problem.
Also, it's your responsibility
to restore any damages found afterwards.
Add that as a special clause.
-Deal.
-Write it down.
-[sighs]
-[thuds]
-Make sure to pay her enough.
-Of course.
I know it's none of my business.
But you're saying yes to everything.
Shouldn't you be more meticulous?
Chief Hong, do you like baseball?
Uh, no, not really, but I know the rules.
Well, they say baseball
is a pitchers' game.
Good pitchers don't always throw
as hard as they can.
Sometimes, they save their energy,
then boom!
They explode at full speed
at a crucial moment.
-I'm the same.
-[chuckles]
I don't sweat the small stuff
at this point.
Your point is you're a brilliant director.
Man, you're unbelievable.
-Is that how it sounds like?
-[both laugh]
[seagulls cawing]
There's something
that I would like to know.
Go ahead.
Is Hye-jin dating anybody?
[light music]
What the…
How am I going to eat all of this?
So much food.
[light music continues]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Is she seeing anyone?
I don't think so.
[chuckles]
That's good.
[dramatic music]
[crickets creaking]
[Hye-jin] Hey.
Du-sik.
Chief Hong.
What are you doing here?
Are you asleep?
[chuckles]
So you can't hold your liquor after all.
[dramatic music continues]
Chief Hong, if you sleep here,
you'll get facial nerve paralysis.
Do you know what that is?
Oh. Remember the show Hur Jun?
If you did, you'd know.
Gosh, what do I do?
I have to work tomorrow.
Chief Hong.
Facial paralysis means
your face will get twisted.
[sighs]
Oh. You opened your eyes.
[crickets creaking]
[dramatic music]
Why are you looking at me like that?
Hold on. I know that look in your eyes.
It means you're about to cry.
Are you crying?
Don't cry.
[chuckles]
Wait, is it because you're drinking,
you wanna cry?
You know, it's dangerous to sleep outside.
Let me get you up on three.
Here we go. One, two, three.
[grunting]
Don't leave me.
[crickets creaking]
Just please don't…
leave me behind.
[dramatic music rises]
Just please…
All right.
I'm not going anywhere.
Don't worry, Chief Hong.
I'll be right here.
[dramatic music continues]
[Mi-seon] Guys aren't nice
to just any girl.
[Hye-jin] Being kind-hearted,
it's always how he lives his life.
He's nice to the whole world.
-For three seconds, shout it out!
-[shouting]
-Down on the board. Paddle.
-[panting]
-[Hye-jin] This looks so good.
-[Seong-hyeon] Excuse me.
Are you Yoon Hye-jin, the dental major?
I'm Ji Seong-hyeon.
[Mi-seon] I'm just asking,
because it's all in the past now.
-Is Chief Hong a good kisser?
-How would I know?
[both laughing]
♪ All I need is your love ♪